# MRT_myBPmyLife
Title: Impact of Push Notifications on Physical Activity and Sodium Intake Amongst Patients with Hypertension: A Micro-Randomized Trial of a Just-In-Time Adaptive Intervention

Objective: This analysis was designed to interrogate the independent and short-term effects of push notifications, tailored to participant and environmental factors, on physical activity levels and sodium intake amongst individuals with hypertension.

Description of the intervention: The myBPmyLife study was designed to increase physical activity levels and promote the selection of lower sodium food choices through an mHealth intervention grounded in the behavior change strategies of goal setting, prompts, visualizations, and feedback. The intervention consisted of both static (i.e., mobile application with a central visualization promoting strategic feedback and goal setting) and dynamic components, with the latter referring to push notifications delivered as part of the micro-randomized trial.

Study Outcomes: The study was designed so that participants would receive 1 activity or dietary notification/day, on average, throughout the study. Thus, participants had a 25% probability of receiving a notification at each decision point, divided equally between activity and dietary notifications. The proximal outcomes for the micro-randomized trial serve as key secondary outcomes from the overarching clinical trial. The proximal outcome for activity notifications was step count 60 minutes after a decision point and, for dietary notifications, self-reported lower sodium food choices in the mobile application within 24 hours of a decision point. For the dietary analysis, the decision was made post-hoc to explore a series of more proximal engagement measures as dietary notifications encouraged participants to use the mobile application to identify lower sodium alternatives to commonly consumed or purchased foods. These exploratory outcomes included mobile application use (yes/no), the number of mobile application searches/clicks, and the number of low salt searches within the mobile application, all within 60-minutes of a decision point.
